hello friends how are you I am Augustine and
Well today I want to talk about a
subject that many consider tedious but
I'm going to show you in this video that it's
very simple and that gives us the guarantees
what we need to work in a
company would be as libertarian is ok
how to validate our accounts for this
it's very simple is a process that
any company
would you be asked to identify yourself and
for this we need some documents
our identity document which is
be our country in the front a
image of the front either the
part that contains the photo ok
an image of the back the
part that in some cases contains the
home
and a service receipt in this case
it can be light water phone an invoice
of purchases or whatever it appears in
our address and our name ok
correctly and for the case of some
people who have problems for
guarantee your home because one does not
they have an address they do not have a
own home do not have a receipt
of services in his name from the new
address of where they currently receive
then for them there is the
sworn statement that can
delicate our country or the declaration
simple of domicile that can do it
indicating where they live and attaching to
This is a different receipt than the one
present of house services where
live from your landlord
and they scan it ok in an image
first they access your account you know
and they go to the personal menu data ok
once in the personal data menu they search
the section where the boxes are
sending documents are four and three of
these are obligatory that are we have
that send them correctly these
images that I spoke to you previously
should start less than 250 gbytes if they are
very heavy images this will not be able to
send them so advice reduce them
of weight so that they can be sent
correctly
ok I'm going to show you three ways that
you can have to send the
documents if they already have scanned
let's put the document if you
they live in the same direction as their
document contained in your document
identity as they put part of with
photo of the document they send it in the
first box the back of the
document they put it in the second box
and the third box
repeat the same image in the com part
in the back of your document
this is for people who live in
the same address that appears in your
home
the second way is then they go is for
people who do not live their address
is not updated in your document and
because he lives in another in another receives
his residence elsewhere than in this
case they must also send their
document in the part part with
picture the back in the first and
second box respectively and in the
third box must put
the receipt of services in your name that
obviously indicates your new address
true
and that's all it sends very simple and the
third way is for people
complicated in this case as I told you
for those who have no way of
check where they live
then for these people should
send your document anyway the
part with photo in the first box in
the second box on the back
of your identity document
the receipt of services from the house where
obviously live from the landlord
the third box and in the fourth
box the affidavit of
address or the statement without attached
to another receipt of services as you
I explained at the beginning ok that in the fourth
box in the previous cases the
third box I 'm sorry the fourth box
nothing is not sent, nothing is sent
but in this case for people who
they do not try they have no way to prove their
address the fourth box for this
document ok that's very simple now
when these are already sent correctly
they realize because they get a message
of green where it indicates that they have
sent the documents correctly and
later in the box where they are
Shipping boxes of documents you
a yellow message will appear indicating them
that have already been sent ok so
this is a very simple process I see that
Many I hope many do not
understand and then nothing is going to
guarantee that they can one when they have
the funds and meet the requirements
necessary to collect can charge your
money and two go to work
correctly ok so please to
I invite you all to register and
validate your accounts correctly because
that serves us makes us one more company
It would be every day so guys and if you are
new and you're watching this and it seems to you
that simple that gives you security in the
identification of your account then I leave you
the access and registration links
in the description of this video and if it is
part of my team because you know that
all this information is received is by
email ok
well thank you very much and even a new
video